[{"page":15,"pages":324,"per_page":"50","total":16174},[{"id":"8.3.12_ETH.LEAR.TEST.12.AVR.OPT","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Ethiopia, grade 12, average of all subjects, optimal competency (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Optimal competency calculated for the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. Optimal competency are scores above 50%.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.11_NER.LEAR.TEST.CE2.FR.UNDERMIN","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Niger, CE2, French, under minimal competency (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Students under minimal competency in the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific grade and subject, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.11_GIN.LEAR.TEST.CEPE.MEAN","name":"National assessment at the end of primary (CEPE) in Guinea, CM2 (6 grade) (mean score)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated for the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. ","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.11_GHA.LEAR.TEST.P3.MAT.ABOV.PROF","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Ghana, P3, Mathematics, students above proficient levels (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Students with results above proficient competency in the National Education Assessment (NEA) carried out in the specific subject and grade, using multiple choice items with 4 options, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. % of pupils achieving 55% of results or more in the test.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.11_GEO.LEAR.TEST.9.MAT.LOWEST","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Georgia, grade 9, Mathematics, students in lowest level (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Students with lowest competency in the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. ","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.11_ETH.LEAR.TEST.12.PHY.OPT","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Ethiopia, grade 12, Physics, optimal competency (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Optimal competency calculated for the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. Optimal competency are scores above 50%.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.10_NER.LEAR.TEST.CP.FR.UNDERMIN","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Niger, CP, French, under minimal competency (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Students under minimal competency in the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific grade and subject, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.10_GIN.PASEC.CM1.FR.MATH.MEAN.BEG","name":"PASEC in Guinea, CM1, French and Mathematics, mean score at the end of year (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated at the end of the year for the results of the Programme on the Analysis of Education Systems (PASEC) in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG) of the evaluated country. PASEC is an international study created in 1991 by the Conference of Ministers of Education of Francophone countries (CONFEMEN) to assess educational attainments in primary school. For further information please refer to this web site: www.confemen.org.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.10_GHA.LEAR.TEST.P6.ENG.ABOV.PROF","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Ghana, P6, English, students above proficient levels (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Students with results above proficient competency in the National Education Assessment (NEA) carried out in the specific subject and grade, using multiple choice items with 4 options, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. % of pupils achieving 55% of results or more in the test.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.10_GEO.LEAR.TEST.9.LANG.LOWEST","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Georgia, grade 9, Language, students in lowest level (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Students with lowest competency in the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. ","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.10_ETH.LEAR.TEST.12.CHE.OPT","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Ethiopia, grade 12, Chemistry, optimal competency (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Optimal competency calculated for the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. Optimal competency are scores above 50%.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_ZMB.LEAR.TEST.5.READ","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Zambia, grade 5, Reading (mean score)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated for the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific grade and subject, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. ","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_VNM.LEAR.TEST.5.READ1","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Vietnam, grade 5, Reading - Level 1, scores in indicated level (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Students in respective level in the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific grade and subject, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. Relative level means that student: Matches text at word or sentence level aided by pictures. Restricted to a limited range of vocabulary linked to pictures.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_VNM.LEAR.TEST.5.MAT1","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Vietnam, grade 5, Mathematics - Level 1, scores in indicated level (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Students in respective level in the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific grade and subject, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. Relative level means that student: Reads, writes and compares natural numbers, fractions and decimals. Uses single operations of +, -, x and : on simple whole numbers; works with simple measures such as time; recognizes simple 3D shapes.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_SEN.LEAR.TEST.CE2.MATH.MIN","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes (SNERS) in Senegal, CE2, Mathematics, minimal competency (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Minimal competency calculated for the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. ","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_NER.LEAR.TEST.CP.FR.MEAN","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Niger, CP, French (mean score)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean scores calculated for the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific grade and subject, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_MWI.SACMEQ.357.READ","name":"SACMEQ in Malawi, standards 3,5,7, Reading (mean score)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated for the results of the Southern and Eastern Africa Consortium for Monitoring Educational Quality (SACMEQ) in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG) of the evaluated country. SACMEQ has completed two major education policy research projects (SACMEQ I and SACMEQ II) between 1995 and 2005. The third project (SACMEQ III) commenced in 2007 and was completed in 2011. For further details please refer to the following web site: www.sacmeq.org. In Malawi SACMEQ I tested learners on English; SACMEQ II on English and Mathematics; and SACMEQ III on English, Mathematics, and HIV\/AIDs. ","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_MRT.PASEC.5.FR","name":"PASEC in Mauritania, grade 5, French (mean score)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated for the results of the Programme on the Analysis of Education Systems (PASEC) in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG) of the evaluated country. PASEC is an international study created in 1991 by the Conference of Ministers of Education of Francophone countries (CONFEMEN) to assess educational attainments in primary school. For further information please refer to this web site: www.confemen.org.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_MOZ.SACMEQ.TEST.6.READ","name":"SACMEQ in Mozambique, grade 5, Reading (mean score)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated for the results of the Southern and Eastern Africa Consortium for Monitoring Educational Quality (SACMEQ) in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG) of the evaluated country. SACMEQ has completed two major education policy research projects (SACMEQ I and SACMEQ II) between 1995 and 2005. The third project (SACMEQ III) commenced in 2007 and was completed in 2011. For further details please refer to the following web site: www.sacmeq.org. ","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_MDG.PASEC.CM2.FRE","name":"PASEC in Madagascar, CM2, French (mean score)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated for the results of the Programme on the Analysis of Education Systems (PASEC) in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG) of the evaluated country. PASEC is an international study created in 1991 by the Conference of Ministers of Education of Francophone countries (CONFEMEN) to assess educational attainments in primary school. For further information please refer to this web site: www.confemen.org.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_MDA.LEAR.TEST.4.MEAN","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Moldova, grade 4, mean competency (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Students with mean competency in the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_LAO.LEAR.TEST.5.LANG.MEAN","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Laos, grade 5, Language (mean score)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated for the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific grade and subject, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. ","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_KHM.LEAR.TEST.3.LANG.MEAN","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Cambodia, grade 3, Language (mean score)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated for the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. ","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_KGZ.PISA.89.READ1","name":"PISA in Kyrgyzstan, grades 8-9, Reading - overall (mean score)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated for the results of the Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA) in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG) of the evaluated country. PISA is an international study that was launched by the OECD in 1997. It aims to evaluate education systems worldwide every three years by assessing 15-year-olds' competencies in the key subjects: reading, mathematics and science. For further details please refer to this web site: http:\/\/www.oecd.org\/pisa\/. Pupils who were 15 year old participated in this test, some of them were at grade 8 and some at grade 10.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_GIN.PASEC.CP2.FR.MEAN","name":"PASEC in Guinea, CP2, French (mean score)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated for the results of the Programme on the Analysis of Education Systems (PASEC) in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG) of the evaluated country. PASEC is an international study created in 1991 by the Conference of Ministers of Education of Francophone countries (CONFEMEN) to assess educational attainments in primary school. For further information please refer to this web site: www.confemen.org.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_GHA.LEAR.TEST.P3.ENG.ABOV.MEAN","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Ghana, P3, English, students above mean (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Students with results above the mean competency in the National Education Assessment (NEA) carried out in the specific subject and grade, using multiple choice items with 4 options, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. ","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_GEO.PIRLS.4.READ.MEAN","name":"PIRLS in Georgia, grade 4, Reading (mean score)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated for the results of the Progress in International Reading Literacy Study (PIRLS) on the reading achievement of fourth grade students, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). It was first conduced in 2001 and then every five years by the TIMS & PIRLS International Study Center of Boston College's Lynch School of Education. For further details please refer to this web site: pirls.bc.edu.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_ETH.LEAR.TEST.10.ENG.OPT","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Ethiopia, grade 10, English, optimal competency (%)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Optimal competency calculated for the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. Optimal competency are scores above 50%.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_CMR.PASEC.25.FRE","name":"PASEC in Cameroon, grades 2 and 5, French (mean score)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated for the results of the Programme on the Analysis of Education Systems (PASEC) in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG) of the evaluated country. PASEC is an international study created in 1991 by the Conference of Ministers of Education of Francophone countries (CONFEMEN) to assess educational attainments in primary school. For further information please refer to this web site: www.confemen.org.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_CIV.LEAR.TEST.PRIM.ALL.MEAN","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Côte d'Ivoire, primary (CEPE), mean score of all subjects ","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated for the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific education level for French, Mathematics, Sciences and H-G, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. ","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_CAF.BREVET.SUCC","name":" Brevet des colleges in Central African Republic, success rate (%) ","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Success rate in the Brevet des colleges, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. ","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_BFA.PASEC.CP2.FR","name":"PASEC in Burkina Faso, CP2, French (mean score)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated for the results of the Programme on the Analysis of Education Systems (PASEC) in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG) of the evaluated country. PASEC is an international study created in 1991 by the Conference of Ministers of Education of Francophone countries (CONFEMEN) to assess educational attainments in primary school. For further information please refer to this web site: www.confemen.org.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.3.1_ALB.LEAR.TEST.9.LANG.MEAN","name":"National assessment for learning outcomes in Albania, grade 9, Language (mean score)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Mean score calculated for the results of the national assessment carried out in the specific subject and grade, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). Country-specific definition and method are determined by the country. Scale goes up to 50.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. LEGs are typically led by the Ministry of Education and include development partners and other education stakeholders. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG.","topics":[]},{"id":"8.2_INT.TESTS","name":"Participation in international tests (yes=1, no=0, see notes if available)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"It indicates in which international learning outcome assessments has the country participated and in which year. Please refer to the subtopic Learning Outcomes and the specific country for details on the scores obtained in these assessments, as reported by the Local Education Group (LEG). ","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG. ","topics":[]},{"id":"8.1_SCH.LEAVING.EXAMS","name":"Administration of school leaving exams (yes=1, no=0, see notes if available)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"It indicates if school leaving exams are administered for primary and lower secondary levels and in which grade. ","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education. It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG. ","topics":[]},{"id":"8.1_FINAL.ENER.INTENS.RATE","name":"Final energy intensity - Compound Annual Growth Rate (%)","source":{"id":"35","value":"Sustainable Energy for All"},"sourceNote":"Rate of final energy intensity improvement (%): Compound annual gross rate (CAGR) of the energy intensity ratio reported for two decades (1990-2000 and 2000-2010) and a twenty-year period (1990-2010). Negative values represent improvements in energy intensity (less energy is used to produce one unit of output), while positive numbers indicate declination of energy intensity (more energy is used to produce one unit of output)","sourceOrganization":"World Bank and International Energy Agency (IEA Statistics © OECD\/IEA, http:\/\/www.iea.org\/stats\/index.asp).  ","topics":[]},{"id":"8.1.2_FINAL.ENERGY.INTENSITY","name":"Energy intensity level of final energy (MJ\/$2005 PPP)","source":{"id":"35","value":"Sustainable Energy for All"},"sourceNote":"Energy intensity level of final energy (MJ\/$2005 PPP): A ratio between final energy consumption and gross domestic product measured at purchasing power parity. Energy intensity is an indication of how much energy is used to produce one unit of economic output. Lower ratio indicates that less energy is used to produce one unit of output. ","sourceOrganization":"World Bank and International Energy Agency (IEA Statistics © OECD\/IEA, http:\/\/www.iea.org\/stats\/index.asp).  ","topics":[]},{"id":"8.1.1_FINAL.ENERGY.CONSUMPTION","name":"Total final consumption (TJ)","source":{"id":"35","value":"Sustainable Energy for All"},"sourceNote":"Total final consumption (TJ): As defined by the IEA, total final consumption represents the sum of consumption in the end-use sectors and excludes energy used for transformation processes and energy used of the energy producing industries","sourceOrganization":"World Bank and International Energy Agency (IEA Statistics © OECD\/IEA, http:\/\/www.iea.org\/stats\/index.asp).  ","topics":[]},{"id":"8.0.LIPI","name":"Labor Income Poverty Index","source":{"id":"37","value":"LAC Equity Lab"},"sourceNote":"The Labor Income Poverty Index (LIPI)  measures changes in the share of households that have per capita labor income below the regional poverty line of $4 per day, relative to a selected reference period. This reference period is the third quarter in 2010 (2010Q3 = 1), except for Chile and Guatemala, where 2010Q4 = 1.","sourceOrganization":"LAC Equity Lab tabulations of LABLAC (CEDLAS and the World Bank).","topics":[{"id":"11","value":"Poverty "}]},{"id":"7.9_CURR.ALLOCATION.CLOSURE","name":"Current allocation - Closing date (year=full date in notes)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Date of GPE grant agreement closure, when the supervising or managing entity informs the GPE that there will not be any other disbursements on the grant.","sourceOrganization":"This refers to Global Partnership for Education internal information that was shared with the Local Education Group for their review and validation. The use of \"1\" as value indicates that the indicator contains text, expressed as a note for the specific country.","topics":[]},{"id":"7.8_CURR.ALLOCATION.SIGNATURE","name":"Current allocation - Signature date (year=full date in notes)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Date of GPE grant agreement signature between a recipient government and the supervising entity.","sourceOrganization":"This refers to Global Partnership for Education internal information that was shared with the Local Education Group for their review and validation. The year of the date is indicated in the corresponding year column and the full date in a note for the specific indicator and country.","topics":[]},{"id":"7.7.2_CURR.ALLOCATION.PERIOD.END","name":"Current allocation - Ending year of Implementation period (year=full period in notes)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"The ending year for the disbursement period of the current Global Partnership funding.","sourceOrganization":"This refers to Global Partnership for Education (GPE) internal information that was shared with the Local Education Group for their review and validation. The year in which the the GPE funding was first disbursed, or is expected to be first disbursed, is indicated in the corresponding year column, and the full period in a note for the specific indicator and country.","topics":[]},{"id":"7.7.1_CURR.ALLOCATION.PERIOD.START","name":"Current allocation - Starting year of implementation period (year=full period in notes)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"The starting year for the disbursement period of the current Global Partnership funding.","sourceOrganization":"This refers to Global Partnership for Education (GPE) internal information that was shared with the Local Education Group for their review and validation. The year in which the the GPE funding was first disbursed, or is expected to be first disbursed, is indicated in the corresponding year column, and the full period in a note for the specific indicator and country.","topics":[]},{"id":"7.6_CURR.ALLOCATION.AMOUNT","name":"Current allocation - Total indicative amount (USD million)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Amount allocated through a Global Partnership funding operation that is currently being disbursed.","sourceOrganization":"Data were collected from national and other publicly available sources, and validated by the Local Education Group (LEG) in each country. Data were not processed or analyzed by the Global Partnership for Education (GPE). It is reported as it was presented in the original sources, or as it was communicated to us through the Coordinating Agency or Lead Donor of the LEG. The amount of the GPE funding is indicated in the corresponding approval year column.","topics":[]},{"id":"7.5_CURR.ALLOCATION.YEAR","name":"Current allocation - Approval (year)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Year of approval of a Global Partnership funding operation that is currently being disbursed.","sourceOrganization":"This refers to Global Partnership for Education (GPE) internal information that was shared with the Local Education Group for their review and validation. The year in which the GPE funding was approved is indicated in the corresponding year column.","topics":[]},{"id":"7.4_PREV.ALLOCATION.AMOUNT","name":"Previous allocation - Amount disbursed (USD million)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Amount(s) allocated through a Global Partnership funding operation that is now closed.","sourceOrganization":"This refers to Global Partnership for Education (GPE) internal information that was shared with the Local Education Group for their review and validation. The amount of the GPE funding is indicated in the corresponding approval year column. ","topics":[]},{"id":"7.3_PREV.ALLOCATION.YEAR","name":"Previous allocation - Approval (year)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Year(s) of approval of a Global Partnership funding operation that is now closed. ","sourceOrganization":"This refers to Global Partnership for Education (GPE) internal information that was shared with the Local Education Group for their review and validation. The year in which the GPE funding was approved is indicated in the corresponding year column.","topics":[]},{"id":"7.2_ESP.ENDORSEMENT","name":"Endorsement of Education Sector Plan (year)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Year in which the Education Sector Plan or Transitional Education Plan was endorsed (a first or subsecuent times) by local donor partners, which grants membership into the Global Partnership for Education (GPE) and enable developing countries to apply for GPE funding. Education sector plans should contribute to the Education for All goals. When partners endorse a country’s education sector plan, they signal that the plan contributes to the attainment of those goals, and they commit to aligning their technical and financial support with the plan. This commitment promotes harmonization as well as consistency, coherence, and sustainability in education sector development.","sourceOrganization":"This refers to Global Partnership for Education internal information that was shared with the Local Education Group for their review and validation. The year in which the Education Sector Plan was first endorsed is indicated in the corresponding year column.","topics":[]},{"id":"7.13_CURR.ALLOCATION.DISB","name":"Current allocation - Annual disbursements (USD million)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Current GPE funding disbursed and projected. Disbursements are indicated up to 2011; projections are labeled as \"targets\" starting in 2012. ","sourceOrganization":"This refers to Global Partnership for Education internal information that was shared with the Local Education Group for their review and validation. ","topics":[]},{"id":"7.12_CURR.ALLOCATION.2011.DISB","name":"Current allocation - Total disbursements as of 12\/2011 (USD millions)","source":{"id":"34","value":"Global Partnership for Education"},"sourceNote":"Current GPE funding disbursed from the date of the signature of allocation to December 31st, 2011.","sourceOrganization":"This refers to Global Partnership for Education internal information that was shared with the Local Education Group for their review and validation. The total amount disbursed up to December 31st, 2011 is indicated in the 2011 year column.","topics":[{}]}]]